add option to set up a different log type (#6)
logzio/docker-collector-logs: README.md

|---|---|
| **LOGZIO_TOKEN** | **Required**. Your Logz.io account token. Replace `<ACCOUNT-TOKEN>` with the [token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/general) of the account you want to ship to. |
| **LOGZIO_URL** | **Required**. Logz.io listener URL to ship the logs to. This URL changes depending on the region your account is hosted in. For example, accounts in the US region ship to `listener.logz.io`, and accounts in the EU region ship to `listener-eu.logz.io`. <br /> For more information, see [Account region](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/accounts/account-region.html) on the Logz.io Docs. |

> | **LOGZIO_TYPE** | The log type you'll use with this docker. If the default log type is set the logs will go through Logz.io docker parsing  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **LOGZIO_TYPE** | **Default**: Docker image name <br> The log type you'll use with this Docker. This is shown in your logs under the `type` field in Kibana. <br> Logz.io applies parsing based on `type`. |
```

> | **LOGZIO_CODEC** | Set to `json` if you want to parse a json message field. Default is `plain`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **LOGZIO_CODEC** | **Default**: `plain`<br> Set to `json` if shipping JSON logs. Otherwise, set to `plain`. |
```
